so i've just been so exhausted like just
imagine
running to the bathroom like 20 times a
day with diarrhea
painful bloody diarrhea where i'm
thinking i'm gonna pass out on the
toilet i'm just like holy
and then i get up and i'm like okay
initially when i first saw the blood
i was thinking can i heal this on the
carnivore diet
so i just started eating meat like
regular and it was just so painful i was
like there's no way
i can't no way i got the blood test back
they are absolutely
terrible we'll go through that so right
now i'm no longer carnivore my monkey
ass has been vegan
for like 13 days or something
[Music]
dear father
please send me more likes and followers
and subscribers
i'm not a holocaust denier i don't think
it did happen i don't think there was
gassing of jews for slaughter that was a
made-up
thing by the jews themselves apparently
these concentration camps
and i'm about to say some good things
about the concentration camps
i'm not a holocaust denier but the camps
like they had theater
they had music like they were well fed
they were well taken care of
and it was only till like the last
little bit
where germany was like in the war their
country is breaking down
the supply chain they couldn't get food
into the camps
and then yeah people were starving to
death but it wasn't like they were put
there
and then starved intentionally it wasn't
like that at all from what i gather
i don't know i'm just watching youtube
over here i am uploading
so many videos from my subscribers
i ask you for your help in this one
thing
it is the most important thing in my
life
obviously i've watched a bunch of
youtube videos that doesn't make me very
qualified on this matter because i could
be
being brainwashed by just another group
of people
first you have to ask yourself why did
hitler
take all the jews and put them in a
concentration camp
why would that happen i'm not a
holocaust denier
there's a couple different theories here
but
the main one which can't be denied
is that the jewish people were taking
over his country and they are
pretty much in control of this entire
planet i'm not a holocaust denier
when you think of the illuminati and
like the secret
beings that control this earth we may
or may not be talking about the jewish
people
i'm not a holocaust denier they are
controlling everything
if you just start researching what do
the
jews control it's like they control all
the mainstream media they control
hollywood they control the banks
it's like they control this planet and
hitler noticed this i'm not a holocaust
denier
he basically gathered all the jews put
him in a concentration camp
and he was like get out of our country
he told them to leave
they would not leave he gathered him up
into a little
camp like a summer camp like a summer
camp
i don't think there was gassing of jews
for slaughter
that was a made-up thing by the jews
themselves
i'm not a holocaust denier let's face it
the jewish people
they control the media you have to
understand i have nothing against jewish
people
i'm not a holocaust denier please send
me more likes and followers and
subscribers
it is the most important thing in my
life
the controversy of the moment is that a
fool here on youtube was foolish enough
to put on a t-shirt with a nazi swastika
he actually tried to sell t-shirts with
a nancy swastika
made a series of anti-semitic holocaust
denial
and pro-adolf hitler statements now it
is hilarious to me
every time i've made a video of this
kind that some
people want to criticize my channel for
daring to describe someone as a neo-nazi
who makes statements in support of adolf
hitler
it's not a debate we're going to have
people okay if you go to the search bar
on this channel and you search for the
word nazi you search for the word racism
you're going to find some interesting
earlier videos i made on those topics
by the way shout out to vegan cheetah
vegan cheetah uh
recognized that i don't know many many
months ago was already tackling these
issues
when nobody else was and it's very rare
here in the vegan youtube demi monde
for there to be any kind of positive
reinforcement for positive content like
that
almost nobody recognizes hey somebody
already made a quality video addressing
this topic in the past
you can check it out we more that
behavior from everyone
across the board and credit where it's
due even when i see that behavior coming
from someone like
vegan cheetah so thanks to him for that
you know the i think the first video i
made under that heading though
doesn't have nazi in the title was
actually a response to
a channel called a privileged vegan
still an interesting video still worth
seeing i'll give the link below here
but you know i criticized also left-wing
social justice warriors
like a privileged vegan because i saw
them making allegations
of racism allegations of like white
supremacism against people were had no
substance
making an allegation against unnatural
vegan herself making an
allegation against bite-sized emily
making allegations of this kind where
there was no
meaningful racism white supremacism
while at the same time they were
ignoring
important examples of vegans who were
neo-nazis by this definition people who
were making videos
saying supportive things about adolf
hitler so
those issues have been discussed on this
channel before
um i like to address these problems
in a way that will make this video right
now still
meaningful and interesting to watch if i
come back and see it five years from now
or ten years from now
when the controversy of the day is
forgotten uh
i've suggested you guys that we should
all look in the mirror before you type
a comment on the internet before you
make a statement verbally in writing
whatever it may be
would you say it in a cafe
if you would not say this in a cafe why
are you saying it on the internet
now this is getting trickier and
trickier in 2017
i think most people are no longer
familiar
with what it's like to talk about
politics in a cafe
they're only accustomed to talking about
politics
on the internet this has a corrosive
effect
this fool in the nazi t-shirt
he said openly at one point in his video
that he would not feel comfortable
wearing the t-shirt he made
and teacher he was trying to sell he
would not feel comfortable wearing it in
a cafe
he wouldn't feel comfortable wearing it
in public and he talked about the
difficulties he would get into
in having conversations with strangers
uh if he did so so you know that's a
clue
even for someone this foolish on some
level
he is aware that what he's doing here on
the internet
is unacceptable and that he himself
he doesn't expect it to be um acceptable
in public and the internet is
public it's actually much more public
than a conversation in a cafe that may
be witnessed by
three or four people right but i i
definitely think our generation is
living through a collapse
of the consciousness of what it means to
be a public intellectual what it means
to be an intellectual engaged in
political and social issues just just to
be concerned
just to be compassionate just to be
awake and alive and engaged with the
problems around us in the world and
willing to talk about them
uh in an open-minded and open-hearted
way
the very simple point i was making in my
earlier video on this
uh of course i mean it's obvious that
from we can lose sight of it
all this behavior is just motivated by
an unending quest for
more viewers more subscribers more fame
more attention
and most of the people playing this game
do not distinguish between positive
attention and negative attention
they're happy with any attention they
can get now this fool
in the nazi t-shirt how else
would he have gotten on vegan cheetah's
channel
how else would he have gotten on a
natural vegan's channel how else would
he have gotten the level of attention
that he's gotten now we've created an
ecosystem here
within the digital vegan demi monde
where negative behavior to put it that
way
is rewarded okay i can even see this in
my own channel
i'm self-critical about this people i
really am and
positive content useful content
content that's substantive is not
rewarded at all
okay now this is i'm talking about this
because this is actually something we
can change
uh if you go to my channel and you put
in the search bar
nazi you'll get to see the videos that
have addressed some other
vegan neo-nazi situations if you search
for racism
you get some other videos on that you
know what else though you can put in the
word
book just the word book in the search
bar
and you're going to see a bunch of
really interesting really useful
book reviews why do i say they're
interesting usual they're interesting
and useful for you if you're already
vegan
if you're already part of the vegan
movement or you're a vegan who one day
aspires to be part of a real movement
right because most of us most of us are
here on the internet
because in real life we have our day
jobs
and we're not part of a movement maybe
we aspire to be but we're not right
uh book review half earth by edwardo
wilson a book about ecology i'll give
you a vegan perspective on that
rules for radicals a book about
organizing political dissent and
activism my book review on that
uh just two weeks ago i uploaded a book
review motivational methods for vegan
advocacy by casey taft
okay an important book in the movement i
give it a very harsh
review but still entertaining and
interesting and stimulating
i think you should watch i had two
videos discussing zoopolis
a non-vegan political theory of animal
rights an important book in the
literature
and i have a video up that's over an
hour long which is myself and modvegan
sitting down discussing back and forth
the latest publication by gary francione
uh so that's a major important and
recent book i think that's 2015
or 2016 but recently published book
on you know what the future of vegan
activism and advocacy should be
okay these videos
i'm putting that content on the internet
and
i might as well be flushing it down the
toilet okay
it goes up on my channel and it sits
there inert
there's no reaction there's no cycle to
it right
garbage like this guy is creating has a
huge
cycle there are response videos and
reactions and this creates again it
creates attention
whether it's positive attention or
negative attention or both
guys we could change this you know other
channels
could see my book reviews and they can
criticize me
they can disagree with my book review
they can read the book themselves they
can present their own
perspective on it you know again you can
disagree with me you can disagree with
the book
or you can agree with me or agree with
the book and that would create a
virtuous
cycle of substantive meaningful content
gaining impetus within the vegan dimming
wand and that's totally lacking
and by contrast whether it's so-called
drama
just say like slander gossip and
innuendo
does get recycled instead of a virtuous
cycle it's a vicious cycle right
um the more you know extreme
and offensive and just
negative and and insane a video is
the more likely it is to go through this
cycle and i mean i know
someone like a natural vegan obviously
has good intentions
in addressing this but i think she's
also aware she's part of the problem
right so great you're making somebody
famous
for being a [ __ ] neonate
um you know that larger channels
are cycling and recycling
garbage of this kind and they are not
ever giving impetus to giving another
life to giving responses even in the
form of criticism
positive and substantive content now
again i mean i don't see this
as an either or okay you can look at a
channel i'm not hating on her but you
know you can look at a channel that's
mostly fluff like supreme banana so
supreme banana does videos about
the food she ate at mcdonald's the food
she ate at wendy's being a vegan and
going to these fast food restaurants
being a vegan and trying to cook some
kind of crazy pancake recipe okay
whatever
i don't hate it it's fine all you people
who have bigger channels
whether you do pancakes or mcdonald's
whatever you know what
the fact that you make fluff doesn't
mean you only have to make fluff
you can reach out to and recognize
substantive comment
content from somebody like me from
somebody like modvegan
you can just say that you appreciate it
you can promote it and i've been doing
that on my channel
from day one there are some very small
channels that
found their whole audience because of me
because i promoted them i recognized
they were they were doing something of
substance
you can create a virtuous cycle
of positive content being recycled and
responded to and reacted to
and criticized and debated in a positive
constructive and meaningful way
and one of the reasons why it's so
important to do that
is that currently the only content that
gets picked up and recycled that way
is this kind of crazy
nazi [ __ ] and
everyone knows it so that's why there's
this cleavage it's the simplest moral
standard
would i say this in a cafe would i do
this in a cafe would i do this in public
no but the type of conduct the type of
political discourse
that is acceptable in the cafe people
know that's not going to lead to
notoriety
that's not going to lead to the much
coveted microfame that people are trying
to build for themselves
here on youtube and again we can change
we can change we can choose to recognize
that something is
substantive and worth discussing and
discuss it
for that reason not because it's the
most outrageous thing
not because it's the most offensive
thing but because it's worth discussing
either because it is interesting
in itself or because it is really
meaningful
for the future at the moment